docs: add two new overview pages: developer-guide-overview and unders… (#44091)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/developer-guide-overview.md

# Angular Developer Guides

> As an application framework, Angular includes collection of well-integrated libraries that cover a wide variety of features, including routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an application framework, Angular includes a collection of well-integrated libraries that cover a wide variety of features, including routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this, @dario-piotrowicz ! 

No matter how many times one reads something, you can always miss a few things!

Reviewer: Tell me about it! :smile: 

Glad I could be helpful :slightly_smiling_face:

> As an application framework, Angular includes a collection of well-integrated libraries that cover a wide variety of features, including routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As an application framework, Angular includes a collection of well-integrated libraries that cover a wide variety of features.  
The Angular libraries include routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.
```

This topic lists the various developer guides that can help you learn about these Angular features so you can determine if and when to add them to your application.

## Prerequisites

To get the most out of these developer guides, you should review the following topics:

* [What is Angular][AioGuideWhatIsAngular]
* [Getting started tutorial][AioStart]
* [Understanding Angular][AioGuideUnderstandingAngularOverview]

## Learn about Angular's features

<div class="card-container">
  <a href="guide/routing-overview" class="docs-card" title="Routing and navigation developer guide">
    <section>Routing and Navigation</section>
    <p>Learn how to use the Angular router to handle page navigation and other tasks.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Router</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/forms-overview" class="docs-card" title="Angular forms developer guide">
    <section>Forms</section>
    <p>Learn about Angular's two approaches to forms: template-driven and reactive.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Forms</p>
  </a>

>   <a href="guide/http" class="docs-card" title="Angular HTTPClient developer guide">

Reviewer 4: `HttpClient`

>   <a href="guide/http" class="docs-card" title="Angular HTTP Client developer guide">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <a href="guide/http" class="docs-card" title="Angular HTTP client developer guide">
```

    <section>HTTP</section>
    <p>Learn how to connect to servers using Angular's HTTP client service.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">HTTPClient</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/testing" class="docs-card" title="Angular testing developer guide">
    <section>Testing</section>
    <p>Learn about tips and techniques for testing Angular applications.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Testing</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/i18n-overview" class="docs-card" title="Angular internationalization developer guide">
    <section>Internationalization</section>
    <p>Learn how to localize your Angular application.</p>

>     <p class="card-footer">i18n</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p class="card-footer">i18n and $localize</p>
```

>     <p>Learn about internationalization, the process for using Angular applications in different locales.</p>

Reviewer: could this be expressed in a simpler way? :thinking: 

may be just me, but this sentence doesn't sound too user friendly to me :thinking: 

What about something like:
`Learn about internationalization, the way to use different languages in your Angular applications.`
(can languages be confused with programming ones? :thinking: )

Reviewer 2: How about just:

`Learn how to localize your Angular application.`

Reviewer: maybe :shrug: :slightly_smiling_face: 

thinking of someone who has no idea on the concept (as I'd imagine people could in this guide) I would try to put it as something related to "different languages", but whatever you think it's best works for me :smile:

  </a>
  <a href="guide/animations" class="docs-card" title="Angular animations developer guide">
    <section>Animations</section>
    <p>Learn about how to add animations to your Angular applications.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Animations</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/service-worker-intro" class="docs-card" title="Angular service worker developer guide">
    <section>Service Workers and PWA</section>
    <p>Learn about service workers and how they help you create progressive web applications.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Service workers and PWA</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/web-worker" class="docs-card" title="Web Workers">
    <section>Web Workers</section>

>     <p>Web workers lets you run CPU-intensive computations in a background thread.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Web workers let you run CPU-intensive computations in a background thread.</p>
```

    <p class="card-footer">Web Workers</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/universal" class="docs-card" title="Server-side rendering">
    <section>Server-side rendering</section>
    <p>Learn about Angular Universal, which allows you to generate static application pages.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Server-side rendering</p>
  </a>

>   <a href="guide/prerendering" class="docs-card" title="prerendering">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <a href="guide/prerendering" class="docs-card" title="Pre-rendering">
    <section>Pre-rendering</section>
    <p>Learn about pre-rendering, where a dynamic page is processed at build time.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Pre-rendering</p>
```

# Angular Developer Guides

As an application framework, Angular includes a collection of well-integrated libraries that cover a wide variety of features.

The Angular libraries include routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.

> This topic lists the various developer guides that can help you learn about these Angular features so you can determine if and when to add them to your application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This topic lists the various developer guides for you to learn more about these Angular features to help you determine the correct use of each in your application.
```

A few word changes to help simplify the tone.

## Prerequisites

To get the most out of these developer guides, you should review the following topics:

* [What is Angular][AioGuideWhatIsAngular]
* [Getting started tutorial][AioStart]
* [Understanding Angular][AioGuideUnderstandingAngularOverview]

## Learn about Angular's features

<div class="card-container">
  <a href="guide/routing-overview" class="docs-card" title="Routing and navigation developer guide">
    <section>Routing and Navigation</section>
    <p>Learn how to use the Angular router to handle page navigation and other tasks.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Router</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/forms-overview" class="docs-card" title="Angular forms developer guide">
    <section>Forms</section>

>     <p>Learn about Angular's two approaches to forms: template-driven and reactive.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn about the two approaches to forms in Angular: template-driven and reactive.</p>
```

Removed possessive case to reduce cognitive load.

    <p class="card-footer">Forms</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/http" class="docs-card" title="Angular HTTP client developer guide">
    <section>HTTP</section>

>     <p>Learn how to connect to servers using Angular's HTTP client service.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn how to connect to a server using the HTTP client service in Angular.</p>
```

Removed possessive case to reduce cognitive load. Changed phrase to single target.

>     <p class="card-footer">HTTPClient</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p class="card-footer">HTTP client</p>
```

Matched the usage.

  </a>
  <a href="guide/testing" class="docs-card" title="Angular testing developer guide">
    <section>Testing</section>
    <p>Learn about tips and techniques for testing Angular applications.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Testing</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/i18n-overview" class="docs-card" title="Angular internationalization developer guide">
    <section>Internationalization</section>
    <p>Learn how to localize your Angular application.</p>

>     <p class="card-footer">i18n & $localize</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p class="card-footer">i18n and $localize</p>
```

Replace reserved character to avoid parsing issues and soften the text.

>     <p class="card-footer">i18n & $localize</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p class="card-footer">i18n and $localize</p>
```

Replace reserved character to avoid parsing issues and soften the text.

  </a>
  <a href="guide/animations" class="docs-card" title="Angular animations developer guide">
    <section>Animations</section>

>     <p>Learn about how to add animations to your Angular applications.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn about how to add an animation to your Angular application.</p>
```

Changed phrase to single target.

    <p class="card-footer">Animations</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/service-worker-intro" class="docs-card" title="Angular service worker developer guide">
    <section>Service Workers and PWA</section>

>     <p>Learn about service workers and how they help you create progressive web applications.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn about how to use a service worker to create a progressive web application.</p>
```

Changed phrase to single target.

    <p class="card-footer">Service workers and PWA</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/web-worker" class="docs-card" title="Web Workers">
    <section>Web Workers</section>

>     <p>Web workers let you run CPU-intensive computations in a background thread.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn more about how to use a web worker to run a CPU-intensive computation in a background thread.</p>
```

Removed possessive case to reduce cognitive load.

    <p class="card-footer">Web Workers</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/universal" class="docs-card" title="Server-side rendering">
    <section>Server-side rendering</section>

>     <p>Learn about Angular Universal, which allows you to generate static application pages.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn more about how to use Angular Universal to create a static application page.</p>
```

Removed possessive case to reduce cognitive load.

    <p class="card-footer">Server-side rendering</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/prerendering" class="docs-card" title="Pre-rendering">

>     <section>Prerendering</section>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <section>Pre-rendering</section>
```

Removed possessive case to reduce cognitive load.

>     <p>Learn about prerendering, where a dynamic page is processed at build time.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p>Learn about how to use pre-rendering to process a dynamic page at build time.</p>
```

Changed to match similar usage.

>     <p class="card-footer">Prerendering</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <p class="card-footer">Pre-rendering</p>
```

Changed to match similar usage.
